# eDrone - Tracing example

This folder contains the input model as well as the output files generated by [`JSonTransformer`](https://github.com/ebatot/TraceaingJson). It represents a simple drone which connections (of interest) between elements are annotated, forming a trace. Tracelinks are of two kind "TypeE" (Engineering domain) and "TypeA" (Application domain).

## Input model

The input file `eDrone_example.json` contains a JSon cannonical representation of the model.
Elements of the model are instanciated through IDs chaining of their feature. The current eDrone example contains 10 connections that we annotate with metadata. The file is more than 50k LoC.

## Output representations

[`JSonTransformer`](https://github.com/ebatot/TraceaingJson) transforms the input JSon cannonical model into three distinct representation. These representations are meant to help the user analyse the tracing metadata of a SysML model annotated with `TraceaLibrary`.

### SysML metadata

The file called `eDrone_example_out.sysml` contains the links together with their metadata written in SysML, using the library `TraceaLibrary`.
This representation allows the re-integration of potential changes made to the tracing metadata into the original input model.

### D3-JSon graph

The file called `eDrone_example_out.json` contains a graph reresentation written in D3-Json to help with the graphical visualization of the trace.

### Matrix-based HTML representation

The file called `eDrone_example_out.html` contains a matrix-based reresentation written in HTML to help with the visualization of the trace.
